docs(ios): extra Pod repo update step incase 'cli init' fails (#2642)
invertase/react-native-firebase: pages/quick-start/new-project.md

```bash
npx @react-native-community/cli init --template=@react-native-firebase/template <name>
```

> > In case `cli init` script fails while performing `pod install`, follow next step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the `cli init` script fails while performing the `pod install` phase (fails with `could not find spec` or similar), try the following step:
```

> > If the `cli init` script fails while performing the `pod install` phase (fails with `could not find spec` or similar), try the following step:

Reviewer 2: Please remove the `>` characters, as it will cause the links to within a blockquote, with a nested code example.

Author: Done.
However I supposed this whole block to be displayed like a notion, not just regular text.
Anyway it looks ok after removal.

```bash
$ cd ./<name>/ios

> $ pod update (or pod install --repo-update)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ pod install --repo-update
```
